We are trained in neurodivergent hiring. : CJ
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization. : CJ
Good understanding of web technologies (HTTP, SSL, Headers, Cookies, TCP, Caching). : TS
NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. : CJ
 Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills : TS
You shape how we make impact. : CJ
We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations). : CJ
We build breakthroughs togetherSAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. : CJ
Understanding of website analytics tools, synthetic monitoring, RUM tools like Blue Triangle or mPulse, and monitoring/alerting methodologies like Splunk. : TS
Solid understanding of agile development methodologies. : TS
Experience using source control software (SVN, git or others)  Assets: : TS
In addition, you will have the opportunity to identify areas of work that are of particular interest to you.Enough about us, let's talk about you You are someone with: : CJ
Responsibilities:  Conduct extensive research, assess and analyze the security configurations of AWS, Azure and GCP cloud services, including but not limited to Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and marketplace offerings. : TS
Develops talent pipelines for roles, including the identification of succession planning candidates for placement into development roles. : CJ
Examples may include: : CJ
  Strong ability to research complex topics, distill knowledge into concrete designs and apply to new or existing projects. : SS
Foster a collaborative and transparent environment that helps teams to align around common goals. : SS
A summary of benefits and eligibility requirements can be found by clicking this link: SAPNorthAmericaBenefits.com Requisition ID: 388079 | Work Area: Software-Design and Development | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Student | Employment Type: Intern | Additional Locations: #LI-HybridRequisition ID: 388079 Posted Date: Mar 26, 2024 Work Area: Software-Design and Development Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Location:  Vancouver, British Columbia, CA, V6B 1A9
                            
                    Category
 Other : CJ
 Interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications to new or existing software. : TS
Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. : CJ
Gain visibility: with SAP Internship Experience Program in your title, you'll have a global network of SAP leaders, entrepreneurs and career development opportunities at your fingertips. : CJ
 Experienced leading a teams of software developers : E
 2+ years experience in the design and development of BSP and bootloaders : E
Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. : CJ
If you enjoy being involved in entire development lifecycle of complex software, naturally take ownership in projects, comfortably interact with cross-functional departments, and enjoy mentoring emerging developers, you will find Fortinet has a platform to support your professional success. : TS
Continue your development throughout your career to reinforce and expand your chosen career path. : CJ
Step into this fully remote 1-2 month temporary assignment with a leading engineering and software development firm. : TS
Development, design and test the software for Fortinet products : CJ
 Design, define and improve secure software development lifecycle (SSDLC) procedures and processes to meet based policies and standards : TS
 Development, design and test the software for Fortinet products : TS
 Experience writing and debugging network programs : TS
Recommend Administration settings and best practices. : TS
A minimum of ten (10) years of relevant experience as a Geotechnical Engineer, Geomechanics Engineer, or related position. : E
Knowledge of general QA procedures and methodologies, as well as software development fundamentals. : TS
We go the extra mile to provide you & your family with exceptional benefits, wherever you may be located. : CJ
 Knowledge of common and popular code security testing tools. : TS
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
Partner with clients to solve their most complex problems Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality.In a rapidly changing world where information has a significant value, supply chains are interconnected and there is uncertainty when doing business on a global basis, information security and privacy have become board level issues.What will your typical day look like? : CJ
Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. : CJ
WSP has a new opportunity for an Intermediate Geochemist to join our Mine Water & Environment team on a full-time basis based in Vancouver/Calgary/Edmonton/Western Canada.The selected candidate will support and lead geochemistry-related projects and proposal efforts with an emphasis on the mining and construction industries in Canada and globally. : CJ
We are all Treaty people.Job Segment:  Cyber Security, Testing, Developer, Computer Science, Open Source, Security, Technology
                            
                    Category
 Management and Executive : SS
Exposure to bug tracking and task management software such as JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. : TS
 Identify areas of improvement in local practices relative to managing data privacy. : TS
To find out more about what it is like working for the team, watch this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx56_G2RnjE   Job Responsibilities: : CJ
Our ideal candidate should be experienced, eager to learn and passionate about developing and designing high performance and scalable solutions. : TS
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CJ
Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments. : /CJ
What's in it for you   Defined benefit pension plan which provides a recurring income you can depend on for life throughout retirement   We pride ourselves on our flexible working model which supports work-life integration and our 37.5 hour work week   Professional development including education/certification sponsorship, in house leadership cohorts, LinkedIn Learning   See all our rewards  here   However you identify, or whatever your path in life, if you see something here that makes you excited to get to work every day, please apply. : CJ
 Help automate secure code testing and code analysis as part of our deployment pipelines and experience with version control system (such as GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc. : TS

Job Type:Permanent Reference code:125148 Primary Location:Toronto, ON All Available Locations:Toronto, ON  Our Purpose   At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : CJ
At WSP: We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Please Note:Health and Safety is a core paramount value of WSP. : CJ
Experience in implementing Edge/Workers, API and automation. : TS
Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. : CJ
 10 years of Project Management : E
We are looking for a junior to intermediate level developer. : E
  Program certificates or diplomas : D
 Excellent communication and presentation skills and the ability to effectively communicate designs, proposals, and results; and negotiate options at management levels : SS
 Experience with endpoint software (such as FortiClient or equivalent) is an asset : TS
ServiceNow Implementation Specialist & CAD is a great bonus.Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $58,000 - $96,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
We are all Treaty people.Job Segment:  Senior Product Manager, PLM, Product Manager, Management Consulting, Developer, Operations, Management, Technology : E
                            
                    Category
 Management and Executive : CJ
Your mix of work will help foster your leadership skills and you will develop relationships with a team that you respect and have fun with. : CJ
  High school/college/university transcripts etc. : D
 Ability to build relationships across all levels, including the ability to overcome resistance, develop buy in, coach, mentor and educate. : CJ
About the team  Our Accounting Operations Advisory team focuses on enabling CFO's and their Finance teams for success. : CJ
 5 years' experience in privacy / data protection or a graduate degree or concentration in privacy engineeringTotal RewardsThe salary range for this position is $83,000 - $125,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
You will have the opportunity to work on road and highway infrastructure projects that involve bridges, culverts, river training, erosion protection works, and other surface water components. : TS
Learn from deep subject matter experts through mentoring and on the job coaching Have many careers in one Firm. : CJ
Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life. : S
Job Responsibilities: : CJ
At least 5-6 years of ServiceNow experience, including custom development, configuration. : E
Ability to multi-task, work independently or collaboratively in a fast-paced environment Continuous learning mindset, with a passion for staying up-to-date with the latest trends and developments in cloud security. : SS
Key leadership role to plan and transition our data center footprint from on-premises compute to Cloud, including roadmap development and Evergreen requirements. : TS

Job Type:Permanent Work Model:Hybrid Reference code:126047 Primary Location:Toronto, ON All Available Locations:Ottawa, ON  Our Purpose   At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : CJ
We want you to be where you feel you can do your best work. : CJ
Advanced written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present to IT and business leaders. : CJ
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent field of study : CJ
Who we are:   Elastic Path is on a mission to break through the barriers that prevent commerce leaders from delivering extraordinary shopping experiences. : CJ

                    Deloitte Global is the engine of the Deloitte network. : CJ
 Familiarity with PowerBI or similar enterprise-class reporting / analytics toolsTotal RewardsThe salary range for this position is $83,000 - $173,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
Today, that means making  Composable Commerce  accessible to all brands by reducing the cost, time, and overall risk of implementing and managing a multi-vendor approach. : CJ
In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.Enough about us, let's talk about youRequired:  10+ years of related experience, including cybersecurity and/or risk management experience in organizations of a similar scale or client-service experience in the field. : E
Be the Customer. : CJ
Customer Insights: Gather and analyze customer feedback and usage data to understand customer needs and pain points. : SS
We've designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally. : CJ
 "Loan Forgiveness Programs" are offered through the Federal and BC Government for eligible professions.IMPORTANT NOTE:As part of your application process, you will need to upload the following documentation: : CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. : CJ
  Proof of COVID-19 vaccination : CJ
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
If you are being considered for a position with Elastic Path, you will always receive direct communications from us via our ATS Jobvite, or our personal Elastic Path domain email addresses; [email protected] . : CJ
Job Responsibilities: : CJ
BlackLine automates different steps in the financial close process including; account reconciliation, task management, matching transactions, system-to-system tie outs, variance analysis, and centralization of journal entry postings. : TS
You use and create tools that improve development processes, allowing you to focus on development. : TS
Fortinet ranks number one in the most security appliances shipped worldwide and more than 450,000 customers trust Fortinet to protect their businesses. : CJ
Rationalize and leverage various monitoring tools to consistently meet published Service Level agreement for system availability, detect issues sooner and pinpoint root causes of those issues more efficiently. : CJ
They are located close to rapid transit in newly renovated offices in downtown Vancouver and have a hybrid work environment with three days a week in office.You:You will bring the following education, skills and experience to the role: CJ

5 or more years of experience in a Web Performance or Web Development-related role. : E
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
We offer cyber capabilities and solutions focused on development, transformation and resilience of cloud security through various mechanisms, built upon our demonstrated delivery methodology and leverage our deep technical experience, industry and regulatory knowledge, vendor and our access to a large global network of skilled professionals.Enough about us, let's talk about you You are someone with: CJ
Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems or Information Security or relevant experience in these domains 1-5 years experience in application development: E

and knowledge of main programming languages AWS and Azure Security Expertise: In-depth understanding of the security features and best practices within Amazon Web Services {AWS) and Microsoft Azure. : TS
We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. : CJ
Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. : CJ
More Senior? : CJ
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot technical issues. : TS
 Develop and implement security requirements, controls, processes/procedures for DevSecOps and CI/CD pipelines. : TS
Review Deloitte's internal information security standards and recommend security compliance guidance cloud service security capabilities. : TS
 Knowledge in network and socket programming : TS
Have as many careers as you want. : CJ

About UsAt Emonster Solutions, we're more than just a digital agency—we're your partners in innovation and growth. : CJ
They are well known for their corporate culture and has won major awards for their accomplishments. : CJ
Deloitte Canada has 30 offices with representation across most of the country. : CJ
The position is located in Ottawa, ON  Responsibilities: : CJ
Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. : CJ
 Experience with web application development : TS

Job Type:Permanent Work Model:Hybrid Reference code:125984 Primary Location:Toronto, ON All Available Locations:Burlington, ON; Calgary, AB; Edmonton, AB; Fredericton, NB; Halifax, NS; Kitchener, ON; Moncton, NB; Ottawa, ON; Regina, SK; Saint John, NB; Saskatoon, SK; St. John's, NL; Toronto, ON; Vancouver, BC; Victoria, BC; Winnipeg, MB  Our Purpose   At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : CJ
The implementations should advance compliance with legal forms of data use as well as support business use of data. : TS
Research, investigate, and define new areas of technology to enhance existing FortiGate products or new product directions; re-evaluate the design and implementation of current source code : TS
For more information please READ THE FULL POLICY. : CJ
 Ability to develop comprehensive and complex operational and strategic plans   #INDICS   About NTT DATA Services    NTT DATA Services is a recognized leader in IT and business services, including cloud, data and applications, headquartered in Texas. : SS
 Experience with code review systems and bug tracking services is an asset. : TS
At least 2-3 years of ServiceNow GRC/IRC experience. : E
The team we hiring for is focused on developing key components of FortiAnalyzer, which deals with performance and scalability for data analysis of security log data. : TS
 Maintenance, performance tuning, and support of implemented software or firmware products : TS
 Participate in end-to-end functionality assessment during solution testing phases. : TS
At WSP: We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Please Note:Health and Safety is a core paramount value of WSP. : CJ
 Data literacy: finding and managing data, cleansing data, manipulating data. : TS
This may include the ability to work in a variety of environmental conditions, such as remote or isolated areas, working alone, and in inclement weather (within safe and reasonable limits). : CJ
 Experience with Git and continuous integration is a plus : TS
Job Summary:   As a key member of the Retail Partnership Team, the role of the Senior Programmer Analyst is to work with other Developers and Operations staff to build, deploy, and support Integration services in BCLC's Lottery ecosystem. : CJ
We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. : CJ
In our recently completed fiscal year, BCLC generated a record $1.6 billion in net income to the Province of B.C. : CJ
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. : SS
 Experience working with containers (Docker, KVM or related technologies). : TS
Experience with TCP/IP, Firewall, UTM : TS
 Be a member of the incident response and resolution efforts related to security events or concerns identified during the DevSecOps process. : TS
You will be working closely with the development teams and product owners to plan and deploy new CDN, Security and Performance related infrastructure and configurations. : TS
We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute. : CJ
The ideal candidate has good knowledge of TCP/IP, POSIX APIs, and has a strong grasp of sockets. : TS
For You? : CJ
Microservices and Kubernetes Security: Proficiency in securing microservices architecture and Kubernetes clusters, ensuring robust protection of containerized applications. : TS
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : CJ
FortiGate is our award winning flagship product, which consolidates security platforms while delivering unmatched performance and protection. : CJ
What you bring We're looking for someone who takes initiative, perseveres, and stay curious. : CJ
We are now looking for a Software Architect to join our team. : CJ
You shape how we make impact. : CJ
This is a great opportunity to grow as core member of the team responsible for driving the development of the next generation of Fortinet products. : CJ
We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader. : CJ
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization. : CJ
Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. : CJ
A degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Computer Technology, or related field. : D
Category
 Information Technology : TS

                    Manager, Data Center Operations Location:   Remote within, BC, CA Job Function:  Information Technology  BCLC exists to generate win-wins for the greater good. : CJ
 Knowledge of quality improvement principles, theory, and practice. : CJ
We've designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally. : CJ
The next step is yours   Sound like The One Firm. : CJ
 Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills : TS 
Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance. : TS
#WeAre WSP  #globalmining  A day in the life... : CJ
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CJ
The environment at Deloitte is made up of intellectually curious, smart people; including world class security and privacy experts. : CJ
Our commitment to excellence, coupled with a passion for innovation, ensures that every project we undertake is tailored to meet your unique needs and objectives. : CJ
 Relational database skills is an asset     Educational Requirements: : TS

What will your typical day look like? : CJ
Advanced knowledge of Cloudflare, Akamai, or other CDN solutions : TS
Great understanding of HTTP waterfalls and browser performance metrics : TS
Experience in working with security products like SHAPE (F5), WAF, DDoS, and Bot Mitigation tools. : TS
WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. : CJ
Coach teams in Agile methodologies and mindsets. : TS
Work you'll do     In this interesting and diverse role, you'll be leading efforts to drive operational excellence for the Client-User Identity and Access Management solution utilized by Deloitte clients to authenticate to Deloitte solutions. : TS
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : CJ
-Stay informed about emerging technologies, trends, and best practices in software development, advocating for their adoption to improve efficiency and productivity. : CJ
We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader. : TS
Stakeholder Engagement: Communicate effectively with stakeholders, translating complex AI concepts into understandable insights and updates. : TS
  Expert level of experience and expertise in the field of real-time operating system design, development and integration. : TS
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : 
 Experience with FFMPEG and/or other encoding/packaging open source tools:
Educational qualifications: : CJ

Job Type:Permanent Reference code:125607 Primary Location:Toronto, ON All Available Locations:Toronto, ON  Our Purpose   At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : CJ
They have invested majorly in technology and have had an incredibly successful past few years, including a major strategic acquisition. : CJ
Lead, coach, and mentor project teams to incorporate security into enterprise and client-facing applications. : SS
 Degree, diploma or masters in Computer Science or Software Engineering disciplines or relevant years of related experience in similar domain : D
They are what sets us apart and makes us Deloitte. : CJ
We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader. : CJ
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
 Knowledge of media encoding and transcoding, packaging, and familiarity with realtime video streaming. : TS
For those who prefer working in a community with others, we have two beautiful offices in convenient locations: CJ           
 2940 Virtual Way, Vancouver | 74 Seymour Street W, Kamloops   This is a Permanent, Full Time opportunity Expected Salary Range: $70,177.00 - $87,722.00 - $109,652.00 : S
           Our typical hiring range will be +/- 10% of the midpoint shown above           Factors influencing this decision include qualifications and market conditions for the role    The Company    For over three decades, BCLC has delivered exceptional gambling entertainment for British Columbians. : CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
A career in Technology will offer you the opportunity to:    Work in a challenging, fast growing, and collaborative team environment with like-minded people who are eminent in their respective technical field   Identify needs and develop technological solutions to complex financial problems through debate and discussion, in teams and with clients   Continue your professional development to reinforce and expand your chosen career path   Assume role as designed in-house BlackLine expert, training colleagues and clients on how best each system can fit their financial needs. : CJ
Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. : CJ
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
Have as many careers as you want. : CJ
As a Consultant/Senior Consultant, you will: : CJ
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : CJ
Only the candidates selected will be contacted. : CJ
We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. : CJ
We are building the new travel admin configuration platform which will be used by all clients with an admin role, to configure various features across the SAP Concur site. : CJ
We are all Treaty people.Job Segment:  Developer, Solution Architect, ERP, Marketing Consultant, Cloud, Technology, Marketing
                            
                    Category
 Management and Executive : CJ
Implement new features according to the new feature specifications and TOP3 : TS
From creating stunning websites that encapsulate your brand identity to optimizing SEO strategies for maximum visibility, we're dedicated to delivering exceptional results that exceed expectations. : CJ
You will be part of a large, highly successful team, using your skills to assist in the management of various large-scale projects throughout BC and Yukon.Responsibilities will include Working collaboratively with engineering staff on geotechnical consulting projects; Sharing technical knowledge across geographical boundaries to foster innovative project solutions; Leading and preparing geotechnical studies and engineering reports providing recommendations on various geotechnical aspects in projects, based on studies and project-specific work; Providing geotechnical engineering expertise to support multi-disciplinary projects such as highways, bridges, buildings, dams, industrial infrastructure, tunneling, etc. : TS
We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. : CJ
Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. : CJ
At least 5-6 years of ServiceNow experience, including custom development, configuration. : E
