WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. : CJ
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : CJ
Be yourself, and more. : CJ
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ
We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. : CJ
Easy to use Secure Remote Access and Mobility via SSL and IPsec VPN. : TS
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
 Maintain and document code using source control system : TS
Promote best practices within the team and organization : SS
Minimum Required Qualifications: Education and Experience   A University degree or diploma in a relative discipline supplemented by industry recognized professional courses   Minimum 5 - 7 years relevant experience in technical capability including 3 years' experience in a leadership role, which may include people leadership or coaching/mentoring experience. : E
Researches best practices in technical area; incorporating research into overall strategy and plans for pod development. : TS
Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. : CJ
Assesses current workforce to identify and action skills gaps. : CJ
About the teamGlobal Technology Services works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. : CJ
We are a group of talented people who want to learn, gain experience, and develop skills. : CJ
You shape how we make impact. : CJ
At least 5-6 years of ServiceNow experience, including custom development, configuration. : E
In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived. : CJ
 5+ years of C/C++ experience : E
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : CJ
Build your leadership skills at Deloitte University. : CJ
 Implement new features according to identified specs     Job Skills Required: : CJ
Our TVP is about relationships - between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.The next step is yours   At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively - that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. : CJ
Work you'll do     In this interesting and diverse role, you'll be leading efforts to drive operational excellence for the Client-User Identity and Access Management solution utilized by Deloitte clients to authenticate to Deloitte solutions. : CJ
Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. : CJ
Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. : CJ

Job Type:Permanent Reference code:125939 Primary Location:Toronto, Ontario, Canada All Available Locations:Toronto, ON  Our Purpose  At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : 
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
  Expert level of experience and expertise in the field of real-time operating system design, development and integration. : CJ
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CJ
Responsibilities: : CJ
  Experience with CI/CD tools and practices : TS
We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute. : CJ
In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.About the team Deloitte's Cyber Risk Services helps our clients to be Secure, Vigilant and Resilient in the face of an ever increasing array of cyber threats and vulnerabilities. : CJ
They are what sets us apart and makes us Deloitte. : CJ
You will work closely with the user interface, product management and other development teams responsible for our Fortigate product. : CJ
Execute feature and bug fix testing using a combination of manual and automated testing techniques. : TS
  Collaborating with project managers, product owners, and other stakeholders to refine software development processes, ensuring agile, efficient, and effective workflows. : SS
For those who prefer working in a community with others, we have two beautiful offices in convenient locations:            2940 Virtual Way, Vancouver | 74 Seymour Street W, Kamloops   This is a Permanent, Full Time opportunity Expected Salary Range: $70,177.00 - $87,722.00 - $109,652.00            Our typical hiring range will be +/- 10% of the midpoint shown above           Factors influencing this decision include qualifications and market conditions for the role    The Company    For over three decades, BCLC has delivered exceptional gambling entertainment for British Columbians. : S
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : CJ
Our ideal candidate should be experienced, eager to learn and passionate about developing and designing high performance and scalable solutions. : CJ
 Bachelor's Degree (Masters or PhD is an asset) in Computer Science or similar degree    #GD  #LI-MG1 : D
                            
                    Category
 Software and Programming Information Technology : TS
Ability to review traffic logs and develop WAF and Bot Mitigation strategies. : TS
Experience with benchmark testing platforms/software such as BreakingPoint is an asset. :TS 
As a Consultant/Senior Consultant, you will: : CJ
In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived. : CJ
Only the candidates selected will be contacted. : CJ

What will your typical day look like? : CJ
 Relational database skills is an asset :TS
  Educational Requirements: CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
Programming Skills: Advantageous to have programming skills and a conceptual understanding of software development practices to collaborate effectively with developers. : TS
WSP  is one of the world's leading professional services firms. : CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
 Broad knowledge of project design, methodologies, and developing and managing project strategies. : SS
You will be part of a large, highly successful team, using your skills to assist in the management of various large-scale projects throughout BC and Yukon.Responsibilities will include: Working collaboratively with engineering staff on geotechnical consulting projects; Sharing technical knowledge across geographical boundaries to foster innovative project solutions; Leading and preparing geotechnical studies and engineering reports providing recommendations on various geotechnical aspects in projects, based on studies and project-specific work; Providing geotechnical engineering expertise to support multi-disciplinary projects such as highways, bridges, buildings, dams, industrial infrastructure, tunneling, etc. : TS
We have over 65,000 team members across the globe. : CJ
Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance. : CJ
Project-driven experience: gain cross-functional skills from our virtual and in-person learning sessions, diverse subject matter experts, and project deliverables. : CJ
We are a Remote-First company, however we have five office hub locations in our major cities. : CJ
This position offers variety and direct involvement with complex, innovative technology; as well as the opportunity to work with a close knit team of experienced and talented developers. : CJ
 Ability to operate related equipment including computer software applications.Who we areNorthern Health covers an area of nearly 600,000 square kilometers and offers health services in over two dozen communities and 55 First Nation's communities. : CJ
  Contribute and help build the next-generation real-time OS technology to power a broad range of compute platforms. : TS
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
Be the leader you want to be. : CJ
 Exposure to any privacy automation solution a plus (Onetrust, BigID, Ketch ... : TS
Our professionals reach across disciplines and borders to develop and lead global initiatives. : CJ
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ
With a proven track record for almost a decade, we specialize in crafting digital solutions that elevate businesses to new heights. : CJ
Our social purpose is much more than returning 100% of net income to the province in the form of healthcare & education programs, and community gaming grants. : CJ
 Must be able to work well in a team development environment : SS
Job Responsibilities: : CJ
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : SS
Capable of switching focus in various situations and applying themselves to quickly learning new technologies and adopting new methodologies : SS 
Our services help organizations address timely and pervasive issues such as identity theft, data security breaches, data leakage, cybersecurity, and system outages across organizations of various sizes and industries, with the goal of enabling ongoing, secure, and reliable operations across the enterprise. : TS
The base salary for this position ranges from $ 127,560 -175,395 USD OR 105,813 - 145,493 CAD per annum. : S
-2 to 3 years of related experience is an asset. : E
You have practical experience with Generative AI, excellent analytical skills, and a thorough knowledge of business processes. : TS
Position Detail: CJ
Employment Type Full-time, Permanent: CJ
Hourly Rate: $55.00 : S
Weekly Hours 35 to 40: CJ
Work Location: Richmond, BC: CJ
Website: https://emonster.ca/: CJ
 
Duties and Responsibilities: CJ
-Design software solutions that meet the specific needs and requirements of clients, ensuring they align with their business goals and objectives. : TS
Understanding of website analytics tools, synthetic monitoring, RUM tools like Blue Triangle or mPulse, and monitoring/alerting: TS
methodologies like Splunk. : TS
Please send your resume to hr2@emonster.ca. : CJ
We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. : CJ
As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. : 
Provide product improvement suggestions while using Fortinet firewalls on a daily basis : CJ
Three reasons to intern at SAP   Culture of collaboration: meet with mentors, make new friends across the globe and create a thriving personal network. : CJ
WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. : CJ
Have as many careers as you want. : CJ
We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis). : CJ
Understanding and experience of Business Rules, Script Includes, UI Actions and all scripted aspects of ServiceNow. : TS
Automate front-end testing using Selenium (Java). : TS
Customer Insights: Gather and analyze customer feedback and usage data to understand customer needs and pain points. : SS
Demonstrated ability to stay current with development best practices, existing and emerging technology platforms, and industry trends. : SS
Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life. : S
Strong technical skills & experience with accounting processes, internal controls, risk assessments, IFRS, ASPE, Public Sector Accounting Standards. : TS
We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. : CJ
If you enjoy being involved in entire development lifecycle of complex software, naturally take ownership in projects, comfortably interact with cross-functional departments, and enjoy mentoring emerging developers, you will find Fortinet has a platform to support your professional success. : TS
Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure: S

Job Segment:  Testing, QA, Quality Assurance, Operations Manager, Technology, Quality, Operations: TS
                            
                    Category
 Information Technology : TS
Stay on top of new developments in application-layer protocols and software development and suggest improvements within the team : TS
We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. : CJ
Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. : CJ
You will be responsible for develop, maintain, and automate QA testing environment for Fortinet's FortiEDR platform and infrastructures. : TS
ServiceNow Implementation Specialist & CAD is a great bonus.Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $58,000 - $96,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
Compensation  Expected Salary (all locations): $84,200 - $143,100 WSP Canada is providing the compensation range that the company in good faith believes it will pay for this position based on the successful applicant's education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities in addition to the specific geographic location. : S
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CJ
Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.Our shared values  While our Purpose guides us and helps explain why we exist, our shared values describe the behaviour we expect from each other at the firm. : S
#GD #LI-CN1
                            
                    Category
 Software and Programming Information Technology : TS
Be the leader you want to be. : CJ
This role will involve assessing the cloud services, identifying vulnerabilities and risks, and providing actionable guidance to ensure the highest level of security for Deloitte's cloud infrastructure. : CJ
Demonstrated experience driving strategy with cross-functional executive level stakeholders. : CJ
and common services/protocols is important Knowledge of foundational systems security principles is important Knowledge of application security concepts and overall application design is important:TS
 Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $66,000 - $125,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
Experience developing and communicating application security vision, strategy and roadmap. : TS
What you'll bring to WSP ...   1 to 5 years of relevant (post-degree) experience working in a consulting engineering or mining industry environment. : E
Maintenance, performance tuning, and support of implemented software or firmware products : TS
 Experience with TCP/IP, firewalls, application-layer network software : TS
Advanced understanding and commitment to technical excellence related to hydrologic and hydraulic modeling, analysis and design. : TS
Be yourself, and more. : CJ
 Employee referral program : CJ 
 Communicates program progress, escalations, and issue analysis to key stakeholders : SS
Work effectively in diverse teams within an inclusive team culture where people are recognized for their contribution.About the team   Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. : CJ
 Demonstrated analytical problem solving to develop progressive, creative and innovative solutions. : CJ
If you require accommodation so you can be at your best in the interview, please let us know: recruitment@bclc.com . : CJ
We bring our purpose to life by ensuring all our actions, behaviours and decisions create benefits for communities and the planet. : CJ
Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life. : S
Experience with generative AI technologies is highly desirable. : TS
Motivated and guided by our social purpose, everything we do must benefit the greater good. : CJ
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization. : CJ
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CJ
In addition to base salary, this role includes a commission structure based on the attainment of sales targets. : S
Lead the coordination of resources, prioritization of tasks, and the resolution of conflicts to meet project deadlines. : CJ
Responsibilities  Conduct extensive research, assess and analyze the security configurations of AWS, Azure and GCP cloud services, including but not limited to Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and marketplace offerings. : TS
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ
 Guide the development of new privacy products and features. : CJ
The primary role of the position will be to develop relationships with SAP, our leadership and client service partners, Senior Executives in target companies to identify opportunities that will generate top-line revenue.About the team  You will participate and coordinate the development of sales strategies related to SAP services and solutions while driving key sales campaigns/initiatives with a national scope. : SS
Setup and maintain lab environment. : TS
#GD   #LI-CN1
                            
                    Category
 Software and Programming Information Technology : TS
We've designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally. : CJ
Deloitte Global is the engine of the Deloitte network. : CK
Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver:CJ
Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. : CJ

DescriptionFortinet team has a great career opportunity for a Software Developer within its FortiClient EMS team. : CJ
In this role, you will: : CJ
To see an example of the work done by this team go to the Apple App Store and try out our FortiExplorer product! : CJ
Deep understanding of ITIL. : TS
Extensive experience in a pre- and post-systems engineering : TS
  Familiarity with modern software architectures and cloud platforms : TS
Hands on in bug fixing : TS
Foster inclusion:We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. : CJ
We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader. : CJ
Participate in and promote a safety-first culture. : CJ
As an Embedded Software Developer at Fortinet, you will be responsible for the full development cycle of newer and award winning flagship Fortinet products. : TS
Check it out ! : CJ
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate complex product concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. : SS
Experience with mine planning software (MineScape, MineSight, Surpac), AutoCAD, Civil3D would be an asset. : TS
 Demonstrated ability to write clear and reproducible problem reports, and test results. : SS
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization.Have many careers in one Firm. : CJ
Did you know BCLC is an industry leader in player health and safe & responsible gambling? : Cj
E-mail:  Please email Jordan at Jordan.Krusch @mindwire.ca   We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. : CJ
Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. : Cj
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization.Have many careers in one Firm. : CJ
We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader. : Cj
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : CJ
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
About the team Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. : CJ
You shape how we make impact. : CJ
We work with a diverse range of technologies and tools to design and implement data privacy solutions. : CJ
 The ideal candidate has good knowledge of TCP/IP, POSIX APIs, and has a strong grasp of sockets. : TS
Drive resell sales & proactive collaboration with SAP      Part of your daily routine will be to develop strong working relationships with Partners related to assigned targets, ER&I Industry Leaders, SAP stakeholders and clients. : SS
If you enjoy being involved in entire development lifecycle of complex software, naturally take ownership in projects, comfortably interact with cross-functional departments, and enjoy mentoring emerging developers, you will find Fortinet has a platform to support your professional success. : TS
Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments. : CJ
In Canada, our 12,000+ people are involved in everything from environmental remediation to urban planning, from engineering iconic buildings to designing sustainable transportation networks, from finding new ways to extract essential resources to developing renewable power sources for the future. : CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
 Prior hands-on experience with Microsoft SQL Server, MongoDB, Cosmos DB, Oracle etc., : TS
Equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be considered. : D
Technical skills in the development of hydrotechnical engineering design solutions for a variety of interesting projects related to bridges and culverts, hydrology, climate change, river engineering, flood and erosion management, dike design and repair, debris flood/flow management, channel improvements, habitat enhancements, hydraulic structures, hydraulic modeling (1D and 2D), and highway drainage. : TS
Whoever you are and wherever you're from, we want you to feel like you belong here. : CJ
WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. : CJ
Category
 Information Technology : CJ
Understanding of networking and security concepts : TS
You will be given the opportunity to participate in the development cycle from troubleshooting and testing to participation in the design and development of new features. : TS
WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. : CJ
Create documentation of the developments, unit test cases and implementation plans. : TS
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : TS
We are looking for a junior to intermediate level developer. : TS
Offers of employment for safety-sensitive positions involving fieldwork are contingent upon candidates being able to perform key physical tasks of the job as described in the job posting and interview. : SS
Create and configure functional data such as Notifications and Service Level Agreements. : TS
 Work with delivery and project managers to review scope, plans, epics, stories and tickets and provide security feedback. : TS
Advanced written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present to IT and business leaders. : SS
What will your typical day look like?As the Release Train Engineer, you will be tasked with guiding the agile team in providing effective solutions and leading them to stay on track. : TS
As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on challenging projects, develop your skills, and make a significant impact on our clients' businesses.Enough about us, let's talk about you You are someone who has: CJ
Have as many careers as you want. : CJ
Our TVP is about relationships - between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.The next step is yours   At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively - that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. : CJ
Fortinet is looking for candidates with a strong mobile development background, leadership potential and a passion for creating user-friendly, powerful interfaces. : TS
Be the leader you want to be  Some guide teams, some change culture, some build essential expertise. : CJ
with EGBC. : CJ
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization. : CJ
Step into this fully remote 1-2 month temporary assignment with a leading engineering and software development firm. : CJ
and common services/protocols is important Knowledge of foundational systems security principles is important: TS
Knowledge of application security concepts and overall application design is important  Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $66,000 - $125,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills : TS
OWASP ZAP, Veracode, CheckMarx, Sonatype, Fortify, Burp, etc.) : TS
Some programming/scripting knowledge would be a plus (preferably Python, Javascript, or PHP): TS

Next Steps\  If the sound of this opportunity excites you, and you’re confident that it’s a good fit for your experience and career goals, then we’d love to hear from you! : CJ
