Minimum 6-12 years of related consulting experience working in an engineering role. : E
as determined through the selection process. :  CJ
With a proven track record for almost a decade, we specialize in crafting digital solutions that elevate businesses to new heights. : CJ
Casuals have the option of paying for benefits. : S
The new developer will be primarily working on the FortiClient EMS software with an emphasis on both front-end and back-end web development. : TS
Manages budget for capability; managing salary, contract and development resources. : SS
As a member of Deloitte's dynamic and talented Risk Management team, you'll have the opportunity to shape the risk profiles and mitigation strategies for our mission critical consulting projects.What will your typical day look like?Daily activities would include any/all of the following:   Reviewing draft contracts and requests for proposals for contractual risks and developing alternative contractual positions for negotiation Negotiating contractual language with clients / client legal representatives Developing and monitoring the implementation of risk mitigation strategies Drafting client contracts Serving as a single point of contact for both Deloitte engagement teams and our clients regarding contract related issues and issue resolution Communicating contract-related information to internal stakeholders Managing contract - related correspondence and record keeping About the teamOur risk team works closely with Canadian and Global Deloitte Consulting engagement teams to assist our clients in innovation, transformation, and leadership initiatives. : X
Three reasons to intern at SAP   Culture of collaboration: meet with mentors, make new friends across the globe and create a thriving personal network. : CJ
Experience Required:  At least 3-5 years of experience in product management, with a significant focus on AI-driven products. : E
We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. : CJ
WSP  is one of the world's leading professional services firms. : CJ
The ability to solve complex client issues is critical to our consulting business. : CJ
Experience with agile software development methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, etc.) : TS
This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative . : CK
We have over 65,000 team members across the globe. : CJ
You will collaborate with talented and diverse professionals while leading and managing the delivery of open pit and underground mine geotechnical services projects.Our Mining team helps clients optimise performance, boost profitability, and operate responsibly. : CJ
Learn from deep subject matter experts through mentoring and on the job coaching Build your leadership skills at Deloitte University. : CJ
Our TVP is about relationships - between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.The next step is yours   At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively - that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. : CJ
Work closely with Product Managers and other stakeholders to ensure strategy and execution alignment. : SS
Reporting to the IT Manager, this role will provide support across a wide variety of tech projects and operational functions. : SS
Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. : CJ
Experience with BC Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure and Federal Government processes, standards, and guidelines is an asset. : SS
Maintain awareness of evolving application security threats and inform development, business, and riskstakeholders. : SS
 A Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Business Administration, or related discipline. : D
 Employer-paid training and leadership development opportunities : CJ
We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis). : CJ
Do you want to continue your professional development to reinforce and expand your chosen career path? : CJ
For You? : X
This position offers variety and direct involvement with complex, innovative technology; as well as the opportunity to work with a close knit team of experienced and talented developers. : CJ
Collaboration and Mentorship: Collaborate effectively with team members, product owners, vendors, and stakeholders; providing guidance to junior engineers, and contributing to a positive team dynamic. : CJ
Ability to review traffic logs and develop WAF and Bot Mitigation strategies. : TS
Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. : S
Believes in continuous improvement and driven to question and improve processes, systems, practices as appropriate. : CJ
Partner with clients to solve their most complex problems Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality.In a rapidly changing world where information has a significant value, supply chains are interconnected and there is uncertainty when doing business on a global basis, information security and privacy have become board level issues.What will your typical day look like? : CJ
MongoDB, Elasticsearch) : TS
About the team Deloitte's Cyber Cloud team helps organizations throughout the complete cycle of moving business processes to the cloud and operating it in a secure and private way. : TS
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills : TS
Our professionals reach across disciplines and borders to develop and lead global initiatives. : CJ
Experience with common web servers and proxies(like Nginx/Apache/Haproxy) : TS
Have as many careers as you want. : CJ
Globally headquartered in Montreal, we proudly serve communities from coast to coast and beyond. : CJ
Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. : CJ
Customize ServiceNow UI and Service Portal through use of UI pages, CMS, CSS and Service Portal widgets. : TS
Understanding of Web application vulnerabilities, OWASP top 10 : TS
Advanced experience with MS Excel and VBA customization would be an asset. : TS
They provide common ground to unite us across cultures and geographies. : CJ
We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. : 
The Digital & Automation practice within our Accounting Operations Advisory team is rapidly expanding. : CJ
 Works within general policies and management guidance, independently determining approach to managing daily operations. : CJ
Compensation Expected Salary (all locations): $62,600 - $106,400WSPCanadais providing the compensation range that the company in good faith believes it will pay for this position based on the successful applicant's education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities in addition to the specific geographic location. : S
Strong track record of managing and completing projects on time and on budget. : SS
We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis). : 
WSP does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies. : CJ
Responsibilities:  Lead clients, complex projects, drive business requirement gathering, manage scope and client expectations Design long-term, reliable, and end-to-end technical architectures. : TS
Demonstrated ability to drive organizational change and work with multiple business units of a large organization to effect change. : SS
Category
 Engineering : TS
WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. : CJ
Perform system and integration testing. : TS
The Senior Programmer Analyst role acts as a consultative partner providing expertise, analysis, and advice to internal stakeholders within BCLC. : SS
The Coordinator leads others toward the achievement of project goals through effectively communicating the project vision, coordinating resources, advancing priorities, and promoting collaboration and the commitment of key stakeholders. : SS
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : CJ
 Demonstrated teamwork and collaboration skills, in particular in leading or contributing to global and multi-functional teams. : SS
Category
 Information Technology : TS
Develop pre- and post-sales tools and environments : TS

Req ID: 260738   NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. : CJ
Experience with containers and Kubernetes : TS
Responsibilities:  Facilitate and manage the Agile Release Train (ART) processes and execution. : TS
 Use data anonymization, pseudonimization and encryption to develop systems that preserve and improve privacy protections. : TS
Set-up interfaces between ServiceNow and other platforms in line with integration opportunities identified by Solution Architects. : Ts
 Experience with C/C++ and software development methodology : TS
Equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be considered. : TS
 Experience writing scalable software. : TS
 Prior experience in native application architecture and deployment in Microsoft Azure : TS

DescriptionFortinet is currently seeking an experienced embedded software Developer for development of our next generation security solution impacting multiple products of the Fortinet Security Fabric with focus on FortiGate. : TS
Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments. : SJ
Fortinet empowers its customers with intelligent, seamless protection across the expanding attack surface and the power to take on ever-increasing performance requirements of the borderless network - today and into the future. : CJ
We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. : CJ

We help the world run betterOur company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. : CJ
To fulfill our social purpose we have a vision to revolutionize gambling entertainment through engaging experiences that build and benefit communities. : CJ

Job Type:Permanent Reference code:125936 Primary Location:Toronto, Ontario, Canada All Available Locations:Toronto, ON  Our Purpose  At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. : CJ
Technical Problem Solving: Address complex technical issues independently, demonstrating a high level of problem-solving capability. : TS
Deploy cloud services in sandbox environment and conduct security assessments and audits to identify vulnerabilities. : TS
We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. : CJ
Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. : CJ
Knowledge of standard geotechnical software such as GeoStudio, Ensoft, Rocscience , or other similar software suites. : TS
In addition to these technical skills, you will get to work in a highly collaborative environment using agile software development methodologies. : TS
Job Responsibilities: : CJ
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. : CJ
FortiClient connects every endpoint to form a cohesive security fabric. : CJ
Apply Now! : CJ
Experience a firm where wellness matters. : CJ
At Emonster Solutions, we're here to transform your vision into reality and propel your business towards sustained success. : CJ
Oversee and help drive design and implementation of application security controls in support of compliancerequirements using secure design and development methodologies. : TS
 Leads and directs Delivery area which provides services to clients in connection with the design, development and implementation of IT solutions using software / hardware systems or the integration of software / hardware systems or professional IT solutions services. : TS
An ability to evangelize about eCommerce, its power and potential to clients  7+ years of high-tech sales experience and owning a quota focused on selling software licenses and professional services  A proven track record of exceeding expectations and an aggressive attitude towards discovery, prospecting, planning and closing  Deep understanding of the local markets and the ability to adapt to work across verticals and geographies  Ability to thrive in a dynamic and entrepreneurial environment, and eagerness to navigate into uncharted territory  Resilient nature and strong objection handling skills  Possess a strong business acumen and can clearly articulate ROI  Strong team player with excellent communication skills  Ability and willingness to travel as required, approximately 25-50% of the time. : E
WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. : CJ
We are all Treaty people.Job Segment:  ERP, Marketing Manager, Developer, Project Manager, Accounting, Technology, Marketing, Finance
                            
                    Category
 Management and Executive : CJ
We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world. : CJ
Join our team of enthusiastic developers and become a leader in network security. : CJ
Advanced knowledge of Cloudflare, Akamai, or other CDN solutions : TS
Great understanding of HTTP waterfalls and browser performance metrics : TS
Experience in working with security products like SHAPE (F5), WAF, DDoS, and Bot Mitigation tools. : TS
Ability to travel occasionally is desirable for design and construction field services. : CJ
We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles - and prepare you for them. : CJ
 Implement new features according to identified specs     Job Skills Required: : CJ
Sound knowledge of network concepts and architecture, e.g., IP, TCP, DHCP, WCCP, DNS, routing protocols, etc. : TS
As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. : CJ
FortiClient connects every endpoint to form a cohesive security fabric. : CJ
We hire people for skills, capabilities and potential, not just education and experience. : CJ
Software development experience in Unix/Linux environment : TS

Do you have IT coordination experience and are looking to take on short-term work from the comfort of your home? : CJ
Solid capabilities across multiple security domains such as identity and access management (IAM), public-key encryption, security information and event management (SIEM), incident response, threat & vulnerability management Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $104,000 - $215,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : S
We all commit to living by these shared values, to stay true to the principles they represent, and to honour the legacy from which they came. : CJ
You use and create tools that improve development processes, allowing you to focus on development. : CJ
Collaborate with mining teams from different disciplines. : CJ
Experience in implementing Edge/Workers, API and automation. : E 
By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters. : CJ
Incorporate insights into product development to ensure the product meets and exceeds customer expectations. : CJ
Collaborate with Cloud Service Providers (CSPs), marketplace vendors, cross-functional teams, including architecture, application development, and security teams, to ensure that the provided guidance is wholistic and practical. : TS
#GD #LI-CN1
                            
                    Category
 Software and Programming Information Technology : TS
We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles - and prepare you for them. : TS
Preferred : CJ
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
  Expert level of system software development (mainly C/C++). : TS
Category
 Information Technology : TS
Must be able to interact effectively with professionals at all levels and communicate recommendations with diplomacy and tact. : CJ
Design and model new processes, incorporating technology solutions to support business objectives and improve user experience. : TS
You will join a dedicated team that is creating a compelling and innovative Unified Threat Management feature set (Anti-Virus, Web Filter, Data Leak Prevention and Anti-Spam). : TS
Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mindset, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. : CJ

DescriptionAs an Embedded Software Developer at Fortinet, you will be responsible for the full development cycle of newer and award winning flagship Fortinet products. : TS
 Experience with either Linux, Mac or Windows platforms : E
Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. : CJ
Lead the coordination of resources, prioritization of tasks, and the resolution of conflicts to meet project deadlines. : SS
Assist with program and project level risk management and process improvements. : SS
Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization. : CJ
Create, configure, and customize ServiceNow applications for new and existing implementations. : CJ 
 Automate front-end testing using Selenium (Java) and other automation frameworks. : TS
We deliver hospital and community-based health care for a population of 300,000.Employing more than 7,000 staff throughout the region, Northern Health provides exceptional health services for Northerners, through the efforts of dedicated staff and physicians, in partnership with communities and organizations in Northern BC.There is a wide variety of career opportunities available in our two dozen hospitals, 25 long-term care facilities, public health units and many other offices providing specialized services. : CJ
Category
 Engineering : TS
By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters. : CJ
You will work with the latest technologies for our next generation high performance distributed security systems. : TS
The new developer will be primarily working on the FortiClient software. : CJ
 Experience with TCP/IP, Firewall, UTM : TS
Adopt Advanced Technologies: Stay abreast of emerging technologies, tools, and development methodologies, incorporating them into projects where appropriate. : CJ
The Perks? : CJ
Demonstrated ability to stay current with development best practices, existing and emerging technology platforms, and industry trends. : CJ
10+ years of experience in software development within Unix/Linux environment : E
Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. : CJ
Be the leader you want to be. : CJ
IP, TCP, DHCP, WCCP, DNS, routing protocols, etc. : TS
  Strong communication ability to document and present technical information and solutions effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences. : SS
Experience conducting or managing application penetrating and/or vulnerability testing. : TS
For our people, our players, our communities, our industry, and our planet. : CJ
Minimum Required Qualifications: Education and Experience    University degree or certification in Computer Science or equivalent experience;   3-5 years progressively more responsible experience in a programming/analysis environment, with at least three years at a programmer/analyst level;    Experience working on large projects with high levels of integration;   Experience with implementation and maintaining of large systems would be an asset;   Equivalent combination of education and/or experience will be considered. : D
Vue.js, AngularJS, React). : TS
Category
 Engineering : TS
 Develop and implement solutions to ensure privacy policies are correctly implemented. : TS
Ability to establish and maintain good relationships with clients and colleagues. : CJ
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate complex product concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. : SS
This is an exciting opportunity to work with the latest in Web application and networking technologies such as Security Fabric, Next Generation Firewall, Unified Threat Management, Cloud Application control, VPN management, WiFi access point, and Firewall monitoring. : TS
You can check out all this and more about us on our careers page . : CJ
As we continue to build out a full Cloud Transformation program, the Capability Manager, Data Center Operations will shape the future of our service operations capabilities and processes designed to improve the effectiveness of our technology operations, while supporting and adapting the running of the business, managing, and maintaining data center facilities, ensuring the continuous availability and optimal performance of our core operations and critical business services:    Key Accountabilities:   Provides leadership and coaching to a capability pod with aligned skill sets. : TS
 Responsible for assisting with the management of the data privacy, data protection, data usability, performance and the integrity of the privacy solution. : TS
Advanced understanding and commitment to technical excellence related to hydrologic and hydraulic modeling, analysis and design. : TS
Deloitte Canada has 30 offices with representation across most of the country. : CJ
The Coordinator assists with planning, implementation, monitoring of outcomes and will work closely with and provide reports to the Chief Operating Officer (COO), Senior Leadership Team (SLT), and operational teams.Starting salary will be approximately from $72,445 to $90,556 and will be based on education, training, experience, and salaries of similar positions. : 
Collaborate with other teams to integrate product functionality  Job Skills Required: : S
 10 years of advanced client service skills and leadership capabilities. : E
Preferred: : CJ
Perform system and integration testing. : TS
In your role as a Solution Architect, you will be responsible for envisioning and developing new digital products. : TS
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills : TS
Accountabilities:   Design Complex Software Components: Take a leading role in designing and architecting software solutions that meet specified requirements. : TS

What will your typical day look like? : CJ
In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.Enough about us, let's talk about youRequired:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or a related field. : 
Job Skills Required: : D
Be able to work in and/or lead diverse teams and collaborate with interdisciplinary project teams. : SS
 Supports creation of interface specifications and call flows for the various components in the design : TS
Models leadership behaviors that support engagement of teams by practicing meaningful recognition, inspiring a shared vision, coaching/mentoring and developing others, performance assessments and supporting culture and change management initiatives. : SS
Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. : CJ
*Candidates must be based in the BC lower mainland to be considered. : CJ
Be the leader you want to be. : CJ
 Proven track record of designing and building mobile applications : TS
 Experience in the following is a plus: C#, GoLang, Python. : TS
Coordination within multidisciplinary teams and providing guidance to other staff. : TS
 Bachelor's Degree (Masters or PhD is an asset) in Computer Science or similar degree    #GD  #LI-MG1 : D
                            
                    Category
 Software and Programming Information Technology : TS
Good understanding of basic networking concepts/principles (routing, switching, IP addressing etc.) : TS
Design and develop software for Fortinet mobile applications : TS
 Ability to balance risks in ambiguous and complex situations. : SS
Certifications  ISC2 CCSP Solutions Architect in AWS, Azure or GCP Security speciality in AWS, Azure or GCP  Desired:  Experience in multiple CSPs platforms Agile Framework experience Total RewardsThe salary range for this position is $69,000 - $114,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. : 
ServiceNow Certified Systems Administrator is a must. : S
By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. : CJ
 Relational database skills is an asset     Educational Requirements: : CJ
To see an example of the work done by this team go to the Apple App Store and try out our FortiExplorer product! : CJ
We bring our purpose to life by ensuring all our actions, behaviours and decisions create benefits for communities and the planet. : CJ
Git and Scripting Languages (Bash, PowerShell, Python): Strong familiarity with version control using Git and scripting languages to automate security processes and tasks. : CJ
Take a look at this exciting position! : CJ
Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and developments in cloud security and provide recommendations for enhancing security configurations based on emerging threats and vulnerabilities. : TS
Learn from deep subject matter experts through mentoring and on the job coaching. : CJ
We're also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. : CJ
This may include the ability to work in a variety of environmental conditions, such as remote or isolated areas, working alone, and in inclement weather (within safe and reasonable limits). : CJ
Be yourself, and more. : CJ
